bmx TODO Issues
---------------

(list is in no particular order)


1. transwrapping from and to an audio only clip doesn't work if the number
of samples is not a multiple 1920 for the default frame rate 25Hz. bmxtranswrap
shouldn't require A/V framing when dealing with audio only files

2. an AS-02 clip with precharge (in the MPEG-2 LG track) is incorrectly assumed
to have 0 (available) precharge when there is a PCM track, even though the audio
track has essence data available before the origin. A distinction should be made
between amount of precharge and having essence data available for precharge

3. h264dump: must store separate SPS and PPS information sets to support
multiple identifiers in bitstream

4. h264dump: better determination of whether a 3 or 4 zero byte is required in
the start prefix

5. mxf2raw should get the duration before setting the read boundaries because
"mxf2raw --dur 1" reports a duration equal 1; the actual input duration makes
more sense because --dur only defines how much essence data should be read

6. the variable name SampleRate is probably wrong; EditRate would be more
correct.

7. tracks with different precharge and rollout, e.g. Avid XDCAM and PCM audio,
are not supported

8. fix clip duration calculated in avidmxfinfo. It should equal the minimum
track duration. Also check what Avid reports.

9. the MXF sequence reader could produce multiple frames if the track's
essence data spans multiple files. These frames should be merged into one to
avoid placing the burden on the reader client

10. might be better to not set the start timecode by default

11. check that the MXF package duration is calculated correctly and whether
it makes sense to include unsupported tracks in the calculation

12. add 29.97/59.94Hz support to create test essence to enable better
regression testing coverage

13. don't require the D10 bit rate to be exact, e.g. if >45Mbps then is D10-50

14. add regression tests for Avid MJPEG

15. check duration update code in the Avid writer. Updating down the package
chain is probably the wrong way to do it; it should go up

16. improve MXF package resolver, e.g. when to keep open or close, circular
references, create a new reader when the same file is used in multiple resolves

17. check aspect ratio is always 16:9 for HD essence types

18. fail gracefully or ignore when encountering tracks with dark references

19. improve support for audio files with non-default audio sequences start

20. need to investigate whether _setmode(handle, _O_BINARY) is required on
Windows when passing data through stdout/stdin because they default to text mode

21. add regression tests using real world test files

22. some mxf_fill_to_kag calls in libMXF++'s Partition are not required

23. improve timecode handling in avidmxfinfo, e.g. drop-frame

24. need to check that the file has a footer to help diagnose incomplete files,
    e.g. file transfer incomplete. Might require an option to enable this check
    to allow support of growing files.

25. improve error messages resulting from reading a non-MXF file. If the header
    partition can't be read then report that the file is not an MXF file if
    the first 16 bytes is not the pack key; otherwise report it is corrupted
